---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "logflare_source Resource - logflare"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Source resource.
---

# logflare_source (Resource)

Manages a Source resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the source.

### Optional

- `api_quota` (Number) API quota for the source.
- `bigquery_table_ttl` (Number) BigQuery table Time-To-Live (TTL) in days.
- `bq_table_id` (String) BigQuery table ID.
- `custom_event_message_keys` (String) Custom event message keys.
- `default_ingest_backend_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the default ingest backend is enabled.
- `favorite` (Boolean) Whether the source is marked as a favorite.
- `metrics` (String) Metrics for the source, as a JSON string.
- `notifications` (Object) Notification settings for the source. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notifications))
- `slack_hook_url` (String, Sensitive) Slack webhook URL for notifications.
- `webhook_notification_url` (String, Sensitive) Webhook URL for notifications.

### Read-Only

- `has_rejected_events` (Boolean) Whether the source has rejected events.
- `id` (Number) Endpoint identifier
- `inserted_at` (String) Timestamp of when the source was created.
- `public_token` (String, Sensitive) Public token for the source.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Private token for the source.
- `updated_at` (String) Timestamp of when the source was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--notifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notifications`

Optional:

- `other_email_notifications` (String)
- `team_user_ids_for_email` (List of String)
- `team_user_ids_for_schema_updates` (List of String)
- `team_user_ids_for_sms` (List of String)
- `user_email_notifications` (Boolean)
- `user_schema_update_notifications` (Boolean)
- `user_text_notifications` (Boolean)
